Neta Haiby: Hello, everybody.
Thank you for
joining our session.
I'm Neta. I recommend
you put your headphones
on because it's going
to be much easier
to hear us with the headphones.
So please put your
headphones on.
So I'm Neta.
Together with me are a set
of speakers, and we're going
to together show you how
you can build secure
and enterprise-ready
agents with Agent 365.
So before we get
started, raise your hand
if you are building agents today
or using agents today
in your organization.
Okay. Look around, I think it's
everybody, almost everybody.
Now, raise your hand
if you think your agents
are enterprise-ready,
observed, secure, and governed.
Okay, I have one.
Okay, great, so you're
in the right place,
because today here we're going
to learn how you can build
enterprise-ready, secure,
and governed agents
with Agent 365.
So let's get started.
We saw that agents are here.
Almost all of us
raised our hands.
All of us are using agents
in our organizations.
And IDC predicts that by 2028
there will be 1.3 billion agents
in organizations.
That's a huge number, more than
most of countries in the world.
And there are different types
of agents that we talk about.
One are the SaaS agents.
Those are agents that are
prebuilt, they come built
in the application, they come
prebuilt on webs, that we kind
of start using and using
in the organization.
Then there's the endpoint
agents that we are building.
These can be the
OpenClaw agents,
these could be agents building
with CLI and other agents.
And we have the cloud agent.
These are the agents that we are
building on different clouds,
on different platforms,
and different frameworks.
But the questions that come are,
"Can our organization
discover all these agents,
can they manage them, are
they behaving properly,
is my agent behaving based on
the intent that I wanted it
to do, is it breaking
with the intent,
is it misusing the tools
I connected to it,
is it oversharing
data or leaking data,
and can it be governed and
audited at the end of the day?"
And usually as developers,
stuff like that,
we take different frameworks
and different products
to make that happen.
And we want our
agents, first of all,
to be able to be observable, so
to be registered in an inventory
and registry and
to be observable.
We want it to have an identity.
We want to be able to identify
that this action was
made by this agent.
We want it to have
threat protection.
There's a lot of new
generative AI risks coming in,
like prompt injection, intent
breaking, tools misuse.
We want it to have
threat protection.
data security,
not to over leak data
or overshare data.
And we want it to be in
governance and in compliance.
And for that, that's
where Agent 365 comes in.
It's the control point for any
agent that you're building,
any agent in the organization.
And I'd like to invite
Kendra to share
with us more about Agent 365.
Thank you, Kendra.
Kendra Springer: Thank
you so much, Neta.
Hi, everyone, thank you so
much for being here with us.
We are going to take you through
over the next few slides why you
need Agent 365.
What is the value that
you're going to get?
And the big thing here, if
you leave here with nothing,
understand this, Agent
365 provides all
of the capabilities we're
going to go through,
not only for Microsoft
Agents but also
for third-party custom
external agents as well.
And from this slide you can see
we've broken down the value
of agents into these three key
pillars that we think align
to the core jobs to be done
when it comes to managing
and governing your
agents at scale.
The first is observe.
Because very simply, you cannot
govern what you cannot see.
You also cannot trust
and feel confident
that you're adequately protected
if you don't know what
agents are out there.
So all of the features that we
have available that allow you
to not only see all of
your agents across all
of your different platforms,
but also understand really
important adoption trends,
usage trends, trends for what
platforms your agents are built
on, and so much more,
in addition to actions
that you need to take to
successfully mitigate
and keep your agent
ecosystem safe.
Then we have govern.
Now, "govern" can be a
scary word for some,
depending on your
audience, right?
Now, I want to assure you here,
when we say, "Governance,"
this is not intended to put
the brakes on innovation,
put the brakes on
agent adoption.
This is intended to actually
speed up the pace of adoption
and speed up the
pace of innovation.
Because governance is all
about implementing guardrails
so that you know no matter
how your agent is built,
no matter who built that agent,
there are the proper protections
in place every single time
for the agent based
on its risk factor.
And then with security,
just like you would
secure any other employee
in your organization, any other
data, asset, app, you name it,
right, across your tenant,
you need to adequately
secure your agents as well.
And so with Defender, and
Purview, and Entra, right,
you have all the
tools that you need
to be sufficiently protected,
not only to block these threats
in real time, but take
it a step further,
do things like deep
hunting and investigation
to understand what caused
these risks, right,
to see full logs
inside of Purview
so you know every single
step that that agent took
when that incident occurred, and
taking it a step even further,
being able to identify other
agents in your ecosystem
that have similar
vulnerabilities
so that you can mitigate those
agents before incidents occur.
Now, again, I want
to do a little quiz.
Raise your hand, does Microsoft
Agent 365 support all agents?
Raise your hand if
the answer is yes.
Excellent, about 50%
of you are listening.
Okay, for those of you that
didn't raise your hand,
keep listening, we're going
to keep ingraining that one.
But how do we do this, how
do we enable these agents
that are not built
outside of Microsoft?
The key here is
our Agent 365 SDK.
Now, this SDK is not
an agent-building SDK,
it is not going to
host your agent.
It's purely an SDK
to wrap your agent
and make it discoverable
within Agent 365.
You can provide an
agent ID to your agent,
you can enable full
observability,
you can enable full security
policies to be applied
to those agents, and you
could take advantage
of our productivity capabilities
through our tools gateway.
But how does this
work, how are we able
to not only cover
Microsoft agents,
but also these
third-party agents
and common prebuilt agents
that we know you are all using
from different providers?
So very simply it
starts at the bottom.
Foundationally Agent 365 is that
end-to-end governance platform
that allows you to scale
and operationalize
your agent governance
and management processes, right?
But if you think about
Agent 365 as the stool,
the legs of the stool
that hold Agent 365
up are those trusted
security solutions
at an enterprise
level, Microsoft Entra
for identity management,
Defender for risk assessment
and real-time threat detection
and blocking, as well as Purview
for data governance, and
then Microsoft Intune
for shadow AI detection.
Now, again, we have a plethora
of agent solutions available
to you, both across
Microsoft from all
of our different agent-building
platforms to the prebuilt agents
like Cowork or Researcher.
We also have common really
valuable agent solutions
that we know that you
all are leveraging
from third-party
providers, right?
We know our customers have a
very heterogenous mix of agents
that you're leveraging.
We also know that where
you can't find a solution
immediately, you're building
your own custom agents
on the platforms of your
choice across different clouds
and across different solutions,
like LangChain agents,
you're building on AWS,
Gemini, et cetera.
And then lastly, we know
that there are really common
platforms that it would be great
to be able to automate
and ingest the agents
across these platforms.
So lots of agents we need
to cover with Agent 365.
And we are able to do that.
So within Microsoft all
of the agents built
on Microsoft have a native
experience inside of Agent 365.
So right out of the box you're
going to see every single agent,
whether it's in a draft
state or it's fully produced
in the production, and whether
changes are occurring real time.
Right, you're going to have
access to all of that data,
all of that observability
data, you're going to be able
to apply those policy templates,
those security guardrails,
you're going to be able
to take action, right,
all of those pieces with
no additional effort.
You're going to be able
to do the same for some
of our third-party partner
agent solutions as well.
We are building an agent
ecosystem with these partners
to proactively extend our
SDK and enable an agent ID
within those agents, and enable
that observability
capabilities, and much more.
And you're going to hear from
one of such of our partners
at the end of this
session as well.
Now, for those custom
agents, right,
the agents that you are building
on LangChain, as I mentioned,
you're leveraging
another SDK, right,
you're leveraging an
AWS cloud solution,
you can onboard these agents
within Agent 365 with the SDK
that I mentioned earlier.
And with this SDK, you're going
to get things like identity,
observability, tools, messaging,
threat protection, governance,
as well as data security.
So it is a comprehensive SDK
that gives you everything you
need, but also the flexibility
to onboard only
to what you want.
And then this last piece here
within our Connected Agent
platforms you're able to do this
through a feature
called "registry sync,"
which I will take you
through in the demo.
Registry sync essentially allows
us to take your permissions,
your credentials across these
platforms, like Amazon Bedrock
and Google Vertex AI, and ingest
those agents into the registry,
but only for
visibility purposes,
and then any governance
capabilities or permissions
that you have across
these platforms,
you will also have those
capabilities inside
of Agent 365 as well.
And I know as much as you
guys really love slides,
I'm going to have to bore you
with a really incredible demo.
But before we get to that demo,
I do want to give you some terms
that are new terms,
but really fundamental
for your understanding
and setting you
up for success, right?
So the first terms is
an "agent blueprint".
Now, the best way to think
about an agent blueprint
is a reusable instruction
for an agent that lets
it know what tools,
what data it can
leverage, what rules
and what guardrails
are in place.
Think about this similar
to an agent recipe, right,
that other agents and agent
identities can be created from.
Now, an agent identity is
simply taking an agent identity
and upleveling it from a
service principal identity
so that it is more in line
with a user identity level.
Right, because
agents are unique,
they are essentially apps,
they're built like apps.
But the caveat here is
they function like users.
So you need to have an
identity that is appropriate
for their function
within your ecosystem,
and Agent Identity is
specifically created
to support agents in this.
Now, these agent identities
can be authenticated
in two different ways, right?
We have agents that work
on behalf of the users,
so essentially when a
user invokes that agent,
that agent assumes that
user's credentials,
passes that credential
as the off token
and the appropriate permissions
of that user as well, right,
when it comes to information
retrieval or task completion.
But we also have another way
that agents can maintain
their identity,
and that's by leveraging their
own user identity, right,
an agent user identity.
What happens here is that agent
maintains their own identity
and their own permissions,
and they pass that identity
for authentication, and they're
able to function on their own
without working on behalf of
a user, if that makes sense.
Okay, with those two terms
in your back pocket,
we will now get to the demo.
Aarthi, I would love to
invite you onstage to take us
through an incredible demo where
we're going to take you end-
-to-end to see your agent in
action, onboard an agent
with our SDK, and more.
Aarthi Saravanakumar:
Hello, everyone.
Let's get started.
You have to listen
closely because I'm going
to wear quite a few
different hats.
I'm starting out as
an agent developer.
I am in my favorite code
editor, I'm in VS Code.
This is a travel agent, it's
built on LangChain using node.JS.
Like Kendra did, Agent
365 is more than --
more for just in
Microsoft built agents.
And that's why we
specifically chose LangChain
as an example for this demo.
This travel agent is helpful.
It's given us source, and the
destination, and travel dates.
It gives me three suggestions
for hotels, three suggestions
for flights, and maybe
restaurants, right?
I have tested this agent here.
And if you see, I
invoked this agent
and I got some results here.
Let me just scroll this
up so you can see.
Yeah, I got three airlines
from Seattle to San Francisco
for Build and I
have hotels here.
Now, you are asked to make this
agent ready for Agent 365,
configured for Agent 365.
What does that entail?
Now, Kendra introduced
quite a few concepts.
And if you had to stitch
together all of this
on your own, you can, we
have excellent learn docs,
we have samples out there
that you can do this with,
but all of you have
probably heard about Skills
and how coding agents can
do some of our jobs for us,
and so we decided that we will
ship some very specific agent
pieces, six to five skills.
I'm going to show you how
you can maybe invoke them
from VS Code, right,
I'm doing slash skills
and I'm doing Agent 365,
and I see, "Oh, okay,
there are a few skills."
But the rest of this execution
I'm going to show you just
because it takes up -- we
are making code changes,
it takes about 10 minutes to run
and I'll consume the
rest of your demo.
I'm still a developer,
but I just switched
to GitHub Copilot here.
You can use Claude Code, you can
use your favorite coding agent
of choice, does not matter.
Now, let's look through
what are these skills?
Okay, there seems to be like
six skills that we should --
we keep constantly adding to
this, so keep an eye out, right?
There are these two make skills
which are really interesting.
The other skills are
kind of piecemeal.
You can just do the setup
while you get an identity
for your agent.
You can just instrument
observability
which lets your agent
submit telemetry.
You can also optionally
add like Work IQ servers.
What this lets you do is
have your agent in track
with your productivity surface,
like your agent can create
a document, your agent can
like have its own calendar
that it accesses and so on.
You can test locally.
But the part that I'm going
to show you for the rest
of this demo is going to be how
we make this agent essentially
an employee in
your organization,
have its own user identity
like Kendra talked about.
With that, let's take a look.
Now, the skill starts
out by determining what
your agent stack is,
you don't provide much of
an input, except starting
from your agent
folder and saying,
"Make this agent
ready for Agent 365."
We determined that this
is your stack, Node.js,
LangChain, looks great.
It is a TypeScript agent.
It even determines -- because
this is a coding agent
and it has access to your code,
it knows what it does, right,
but then it determines, "Oh,
this is first time
you're running this."
I'm going to scroll a little
bit just because this a lot
of like coding agent
output, so bear with me.
And the first thing we check
for is prerequisites, right,
we have all done
this in the past.
There's a package, you need
to download the package,
all the dependencies,
have your machine set
up exactly, right, good to go.
It's good.
Looks like some developers
updated our Agent 365 CLI
so my coding agent picked
the latest version here.
And this is my
account, this is --
I've already logged
into Azure CLI.
This is the target tenant to
which your agent is going
to be enabled for Agent 365.
Great, all this looks great.
The coding agent has come
up with a detailed plan
on what it needs to do.
So let's see what it does.
Okay, it says it needs to
install required agent packages.
It's going to add a validate
build and then it's going
to add observability Work IQ,
register, publish, and deploy.
That looks pretty good to me,
so let's see what it
ended up doing, right?
This ran for about
10-ish minutes
when I ran it outside
of this demo.
And at the end, I had like a
fully-extended Agent 365 agent.
It's ready to go.
Of course, I mean as a
developer you're going
to test this locally, you're
going to make some tweaks,
because nothing is perfect.
But you see all the
steps that it did.
It created a blueprint,
which is what Kendra was
introducing earlier.
The actual agent
identity gets created
when your agent gets
activated by your admin
in Microsoft admin center.
It configured the
observability Work IQ.
I made a choice that I
want Word and OneDrive,
so it configured those
MCP servers for me,
and does the
manifest, good to go.
Now, I would hand this
off to my admin and say, "Okay,
I want this agent
ready in this tenant.
You choose whether this agent is
shared with a subset of users
or all users, and you
assign," and at that point,
your agent is ready to go.
Now, I'm shifting
personas a little,
so now I am an
agent user, right?
This is my tenant.
I am using Teams within my
tenant, and I can go to the list
of facts available and I
can create an instance.
This is what creates my
own version of this agent,
which is reporting
up to me, right?
So you would have seen agents
being used from Teams before,
and this agent can be
used from Teams as well.
Let me just copy over my prompt
so you can see what
I'm trying to do.
And remember when I asked you to
plan a trip right after Build
for me to Austin, now
I'm doing this here
from within Teams, right?
I'll scroll up so you don't need
to keep waiting for the agent
to reply, but I'll also
show you its reply.
I've intentionally asked this
agent to provide a response
and also create a
Word document for me.
And that's because I want
to show you how I can
interact with this agent.
You all interact with
your colleagues,
you don't always interact with
them just over Teams or email.
Sometimes you're working
collaborating on a document
and you @mention your colleague,
because that's just contextual,
it will be kind of you
have to switch to Teams
and ask your teammate
how to (inaudible).
So here, okay, this
looks pretty good.
I'll probably take
this out first.
And maybe the Marriott
looks very good.
And there are some restaurants
which look interesting.
So yeah, I got almost
the same reply.
And it has created an editable
Word document for us to work on.
So let me switch over
to the Word document.
Now, as you see, I've interacted
with this agent a
few times before.
But the cool thing is now I can
say, "Build demo travel agent."
This is the agent
that I just hired.
I'm @mentioning it just
like I would an employee
or someone else in your
organization, and I can say,
"Can I get some coffee
places as well, please?"
It's going to take a few
minutes, because remember,
as part of like setting up
your agent for Agent 365,
one of the important
parts that we set
up was we created an
endpoint for your agent.
Your agent is now able to
respond to notifications,
not just over Teams but over
@mentions from Word documents,
emails that you can
send to your agent.
So as part of running
through the skill
that I showed you before,
your agent is ready.
Now, this agent can
be hosted anywhere.
For test purposes we
hosted this in Azure,
but this LangChain agent could
be in GCP, it could be in AWS,
it could be in your cloud
provider of choice.
It does not matter.
Right, while this is happening,
my agent will respond here
when it's ready, but we can also
look through our comments here.
I had asked for a good Italian
place and it said, "Okay,
try Loro because it's
popular, with excellent food
and a nice atmosphere."
Great, I'm going to try that
as well as this coffee place
that I had asked for before.
Now, I asked -- Kendra
talked about observability,
and we wired up for
agent for observability.
But where exactly does this
observability get used?
Now, observability is kind
of an interesting thing.
Developers want to know what
their agents are up to,
who uses your agents, but
it's also interesting
from an end user.
Because this is my
employee, right,
I want to know how
my interaction
with this agent was now.
So you can see that there are
chats which happened today
when I was testing my agent.
Right, if I refresh it you
will also see the recent chat
show up.
There were a couple
of failures as well
when the agent did not
carry out what I wanted,
so even if an end user I
kind of get visibility
on what my agent was up to, what
was the prompt that I gave it,
did it carry out the
task that it needed?
That is great, so developers
have observability
and users can use
this observability.
But then remember your IT
admins definitely want
to know what your
agent is up to.
I just want to go a
couple of lines back.
Now, remember the blueprint
Kendra was talking about,
this is the blueprint right here
and there are multiple
instances of your blueprint.
Right, different people could
essentially have your agent
reporting to them.
In this case there is some
of my colleagues, Pujon,
still has multiple
instances of this agent.
And this one is mine.
So let's see, as an
admin I can see activity
across all the instances.
But in this case, it looks
like Aarthi is using
this agent a lot,
so let's see what it's up to.
I can see both the activity
view here, as well as exactly
who are the users of
this agent right here.
Now, to recap, I started with
a basic Langchain agent,
written in node.JS, which I'm
going to host in Azure.
Does not matter where I host it.
Right, I use Skills to get this
agent ready for Agent 365,
hard configurations for Entra
while blueprint was creating
configurations for
observability where we wired
up open telemetry
for your agent.
I optionally chose Word
and OneDrive MCP servers
because that's where the
document was created.
I also had this agent
set up for notifications
so that the agent can get
messages over Teams as well
as notifications when it's
@mentioned in comments.
With that, like your agent
is ready, it's configured,
it's ready in your tenant for --
and ready to unlock all
the features of Agent 365
that Kendra will
show you in detail.
[ Applause ]
Kendra Springer: Awesome.
Thank you so much, Aarthi.
Okay, that was a great demo.
But that was a long demo.
So just to reiterate, everything
that we saw here, right,
she started out with that
LangChain agent, she was able
to fully onboard
it with our SDK.
So she did things like give
it that agent identity.
She enabled full observability.
She also took advantage
of our tools capabilities
and leveraged some
of the MCPs, right?
And then she pivoted to show
you the end user experience,
how she was able to hire that
agent instance and leverage
that agent instance to plan her
next trip, and then collaborate
with that agent,
go back and forth,
just like she would any
other employee, to find
and track additional things.
And then she was also able
to access that activity
and observe that agent and every
step that it took, right?
Really powerful.
Thank you so much.
Great demo.
Now, let's switch gears
here and show you what
that experience is, if I log in.
Tech Support?
Oh, there we go, wrong button.
Okay, here we go.
So let's take a look at the
admin experience inside
of Microsoft 365
admin center, right?
So this is where you're going to
see full observability of all
of your agents
across your tenant.
One thing we are working on
is multitenant capabilities.
Today you'll see all of your
agents in a single tenant.
Here in the "Overview" page,
you see high-level analytics
around total number of agents,
total number of users.
These are your employee
-- human employee users,
not your agentic users.
You also see total
runtime hours as well,
and then we have
our registry sync.
I'm going to come back here.
Down below here, you also
have your calls to action.
Right, so showing you
analytics and data is great,
but also where do you need
to lean in, take some action
to resolve some of the issues?
You have those pending
requests for your agents here,
similar to what
Aarthi was talking
about where we were approving
her agent instance.
We'll take you through that.
Also identifying anywhere where
agent risks have been seen.
Agents without owners,
this is a big one, right,
making sure that your agent
sprawl stays under control
and your agent ecosystem
has good hygiene.
And then any agents
with exceptions.
Now, exceptions are anytime
where there's an error
in your agent runtime,
this is going
to surface as an exception.
Down below you have some
more granular analytics.
So you can see how many agents
were built by your organization
versus how many agents were
built by third-party providers,
and of course, how many
agents you're leveraging
from across Microsoft.
You also see your top platforms
that your agents are built on,
right, so you can
understand which teams,
which platforms are most
heavily being used.
You can see your agent
adoption over time.
This can be really valuable
if you're working on any sort
of adoption campaigns, if
you're releasing any big
highly-anticipated agents
like an IT support
or a benefits agent, right?
And then you also can see
your trending agents.
So these are the agents that
are being using heavily
across your organization.
Now, if we go into the agent
registry, this is where --
let me close this,
zoom in a tiny bit.
This is where you're going to be
able to see all of your agents
across all of those
different platforms, right?
So you'll notice
as I'm scrolling,
these are not just
Microsoft agents.
We have Workday in
here, we have some
of our partner agents,
Genspark, right?
And you can customize and slice
and dice this list as needed,
right, so that you can more
successfully manage this large
number of agents.
Now, if I go into
an agent itself --
here I am in my Zava
Procurement Agent,
I'm able to see really
valuable agent metadata.
So I know exactly what this
agent does, I see metadata
around when it was published,
when it was last updated.
You see the
publisher, the owner.
You see that agent ID, right?
But really valuable here, you
also see the agent instructions
so that you can see exactly
what that agent is doing,
what the purpose
of that agent is,
and then you also see the full
identity history for this agent,
so not only the Bot ID, but
you see that Blueprint ID.
You also see the Entra
agent ID as well.
If this was a Copilot Studio
agent, you would see all
of the environment details here,
but because it's a Foundry
agent, we're going to go ahead
and see all of those platform
details and be able to link
out directly to
that agent itself.
But I can see more here.
I can also see all of the users
that this agent is shared with.
I'm going to come back to data
and tools, so pause on that one.
But from a security perspective,
you can also see all
the different policies
that have been applied
to this agent during
that onboarding or
approval process.
And I can drill into purview
or Entra to learn more
and investigate further.
Along with that, I see all
of the permissions
that this agent has.
And then, for me, one of
my favorite features,
because I come from the
agent building space,
I love that we now have a
unified view into the activity
across all agent types.
So now you know total users,
total sessions, exceptions,
you know your runtime hours.
You can also track
successful sessions, right,
so that you know how your agent
is performing, how it's able
to support your users, and
you can also monitor any
of those errors or
exceptions, look for spikes
in those exceptions, and
then lean in if necessary.
And then down below, you're
going to see all of the users
that are driving
traffic to your agent.
You understand their
total sessions,
their last activity date, and
all of those different pieces.
Now, this is a list
view and that's great.
We also give you a more
visual representation, right,
so you can understand where
your agents are working
with other agents.
They're aggregated
by the platforms these
agents are built on.
And if you hover
over your agents
where there are multiagent
solutions, you're able to see
which agents these
are leveraging --
let me zoom out so you can
see that a little bit easier,
even across different
platforms, right?
And if you want to drill in and
see more details and you want
to see a list view of
these connected platforms,
you also have that here.
So I can see all of the agents
that my researcher
agent is using,
whether they're all available or
whether one's blocked, right,
so really valuable
information not only
to understand
different combinations
and different dependencies
that your agents have,
but if you need to lean
in and block an agent,
you want to know
the blast radius.
If I block this agent, what
else does it break, right?
So all this information
can be found here.
Now, if I come back to my
registry, I want to go ahead
and drill into agents
that have risks.
So here if I click on the risks
themselves, we take you directly
to the agent and we show you
the source of the risks.
If I had more time,
maybe another session,
I would go ahead and drill into
Entra or drill into Purview,
so you can see just how
granularly you can see these
incidents, what caused them.
In Purview, again, you have
full access to those logs
and you're actually able to
get down to the document layer
or the data source layer that
was trying to be accessed
that actually initiated this
risk that was blocked, right?
And here what I can do, I can
go ahead and block this agent
and then I can work with
my SecOPs team to go
and do some additional
investigation
and additional mitigation.
Now, moving into
agents without owners,
I'm able to easily
reassign an owner, right?
I can go ahead and
say, "Hey, Aarthi,
I'm going to give you a bit
more work and I'm going
to make you the owner
of this agent."
But as you can see here, this
process is pretty manual, right?
So it would be great to have
a way to automate this.
That's where rules come in.
So rules inside of Agent 365
give you a very simple way
to set up automation
for some of these kind
of lifecycle management
actions across your agent.
So you can do things like
bulk agent reassignment,
when an individual
leaves an organization,
for those agent
built-in agent builder,
automatically reassign
it to their manager.
You also can do things like
where risk is identified,
automatically block
that agent, right?
So you don't actually
have to come in here
and manually block it yourself.
We are investing heavily in
risk to make this as scalable
and as easy as possible and give
you more and more functionality
over the next
couple of quarters.
The other piece I want to show
you here within "Settings,"
if we come back
here, are templates.
Now, templates I would say
is one of our hero features.
What templates do is
they aggregate all
of those custom policies from
across Entra, Defender, Purview,
and even SharePoint, into
one reusable template
that then you can apply to
your agents in a consistent
and comprehensive way.
And so if go into
this template --
this is a custom one
that I've created.
We have default ones.
You can easily create another.
But you'll see here
-- and I'll zoom in,
it's probably quite little in
the back, I've set up things
like different access packages.
And I have a number of
different access packages
that I can select from.
I also have conditional access.
I also have a myriad of
different options down below
that are kind of our
default policies as well,
things like DLP protection,
lifecycle management
protections, et cetera.
So I can go ahead now that
I've created this agent
and I will leverage it as a part
of that agent approval flow
that Aarthi was mentioning.
So here I have a staffing agent.
I want to publish this agent
across my organization.
Now, before I do this, my IT
admin team needs to approve this
and apply the
appropriate template.
This is where I'm going to
come back to data and tools.
As you can see here, in order to
make the most informed decision,
you want to know what your
agent is made of, right,
what data does it
have access to,
what tools does it
have access to?
This is really where you
understand the risk level
of this agent, right?
And so here I can go ahead
and kick off the publish
flow for this agent.
I can select the users
that have access to it.
I can preinstall
it for all users
or just make it
discoverable in the store.
And then now the magic happens.
We start with a
default template,
because we believe baseline all
agents should have some level
of protections, right?
But I want to go ahead and
use that DevOps template
that I created custom for
this particular agent.
You'll see here all of
those policies that you saw
in templates are
now being applied,
and also the appropriate
permissions.
I can go ahead and look through,
review those permissions,
approve them.
And now this agent is
available for my organization.
If I had more time,
I could take you
through that agent
instance flow as well
that Aarthi was mentioning.
But where I really want to leave
off here I'm going to come back
to the registry and
I want to show you
that registry sync capability.
Let me make sure
I'm right on time.
Okay. Registry sync,
again, is that ability
to ingest those agents from some
of your common third-party
platforms, like Amazon Bedrock,
Google Vertex AI, right?
So here I've configured my
access to those platforms.
And if I click into Google,
I can see that I
have one agent here.
And you'll see here
-- I can't see all
of the observability
data that I put --
had it onboarded this agent with
the SDK, but I'm at least aware
of all of the agents that I have
deployed across this platform.
And because in Google,
I also have permissions
to delete agents, you'll notice
that I also have that permission
to delete this agent if
I wanted to as well.
Now, there's so much more here.
We allow you to identify
and bring shadow agents
under management.
We're expanding this outside of
OpenClaude to leverage Defender
to identify 22 plus, give or
take, additional local platforms
so that you can either
block or bring those
under management, right?
We also allow you to
govern and manage all
of your tools right here.
But I'm getting the speed-up
signal, so I'm going
to I'm going to go back to my
PowerPoint and finish out here
with some really
exciting details
around customer momentum.
So as you can see here,
we have a ton of value,
and we have really
enjoyed getting to work
with some early adopters.
Once such adopter is EY.
So with EY, they have found that
for mission-critical agents,
Agent 365 is really key,
right, it gives them the trust
to be able to unlock these
agents and to feel good
about leveraging them
across the organization.
The next is Genspark.
And lucky enough, I don't
have to speak for them
because we have Ray here to come
up on stage and tell us all
about our partnership and what
they've done with Agent 365.
Thank you so much, Ray.
Ray Zhong: Thanks.
Thank you.
Ah, good morning, everyone, I'm
Ray, Cofounder of Genspark.
And I'm very pleased to be on
the stage and happy to share
with you guys of how Genspark
integrated with Agent 365.
So Genspark is a
unified AI workspace
for the knowledge people
and when we have more
than 2,000 organizations that's
already registered Genspark
as their daily work shoes.
So when combined with
Agent 365, magic happens.
So when we are served
from the modern jobs,
we found that there are
kinds of type of jobs.
For example, Sara from the
Finance department, they --
she needs to Q3 the
board's deck by Friday.
So she needs to do some
summarizing, make some slides.
And Tom, he has more than 200
megabytes of the CSV to run
over some -- to meet
some powerful compute,
to do some calculations
and summarizations.
So those two kinds of work
need two kinds of AIs.
For Sara, maybe she just
needs some simple AI tools,
just like chat-based tools.
But for Tom, he needs
dedicated virtual machines.
With Agent 365, it actually
provides developers
like us the full flexibility to
combine with the different types
of the AI backend structure
to integrate with Agent 365.
So to me, Agent 365 it actually
has a free primitives platforms.
One is the identity with the
federal identity credentials.
The second one is the
unified UI -- UX interface.
For example, like all the
Microsoft 365 software switch,
for example, Teams, Outlooks,
Word documents, Word etcetera.
And the third is the
observability, Purview, Audit,
and plus all the
lifecycle management.
Key is the architects
how Genspark integrates
with Agent 365 and build
on top of Agent 365.
So at the top level, there is
Microsoft Suite, which has --
is Teams, Outlook,
and Word structure.
And the middle layer
is a very thin layer
which we integrated the
Python SDK from Agent 365,
which provides us the identity
streaming MCP to course
over Microsoft software.
And the third one is the
observability, purview,
and the lifecycle management.
Under the hood the third layer
is actually the flexible backend
we provided.
For example, the
lightweight AI tools,
Genspark chat-based AI tools,
and the heavy-weighted
compute resources
like Genspark Claude dedicated
VM provided with them.
And here's how we
integrate Agent 365.
For example, for the
identity, we just --
we authenticate each
request from Teams
and through our backends.
We do not just do the single
authentication at the beginning,
we just -- we authenticate
every message
so that we can
ensure the security.
For example, someone from the
Teams group chat mentioned your
agent to asking for some private
message from your agent.
And the agent can themselves
at that message and at
that session can
reauthenticate that it --
for that user is not
from your agency
and we just refuse that request.
So with Agent 365,
we do not need
to build another authentication
layer, we just reuse all
of the capability
provided by Microsoft.
And the second one is the MCP,
which is the greater things
we experience a lot.
And because Agent 365 has
already provided powerful MCPs,
for example, connected with
PowerPoints, Outlook, or Word,
for example, and then each
request comes through Genspark
so we can just -- we can
generate that our PowerPoints
on the fly to a Word document
on the fly, and why bear
into the user's or the agent's
OneDrive using the MCP?
In that way, we don't need to
build another storage layer
for the -- for our users.
And the third one, the
last, not the least,
is the most amazing part
that Microsoft provides,
is the observability, and the
secure, and the governance.
So for the observability, every
agency locations, inference,
and all the activities
that are already locked
into Microsoft Purview so
that the tenant's admin
in the dashboard, they can
monitor all the activities
and -- but it's used in a
single and unified place
for the IT manager to
observe all the activities
of the agents.
And for the Purview, because
the agent has its own unified
identity and all the Purview
policies have been already
implemented in the enterprise
you automatically apply
to the agents so that
the sensitive label
on the Word document, we
also apply for the agents
so that the agents when
the agents comment
or leak something,
sensitive information
and the Purview policy can
automatically block them.
We don't need to
implement another layer
of the security layer ourselves.
And of course, all the
agents have their logs --
have unified their logs inside
using the same Microsoft API
so that the IT manager can use
the same SQL purview to purview
and analysis the agents'
activities logs,
combines all those things.
Agent 365 actually provides
the stability for the users
so that the users can
choose different kinds
of the agent backends,
for example,
chat-based to authenticate VMs.
And for the IT manager
inside the enterprise,
it still has the control
for the enterprise,
because all the activities,
all the agents' logs have
already been built on top
of Microsoft provided APIs.
And the manager, the IT manager
in the enterprise can use the
same existing tools to monitor,
observe, and audit all
the logs and activities.
That makes the partnership of
Genspark and Agent 365 great
and our customers, enterprise
customers love this switch
a lot.
For that, I'll
come back to Neta.
[ Applause ]
Neta Haiby: Thank
you, everybody,
and I'll close us off.
You saw how you can build
enterprise-ready agents
with Microsoft Agent 365 with
the -- how to integrate the SDK,
how to observe, and secure,
and govern your agents.
We have some resources for
you here, how to get started,
how to get started with the SDK,
and the recently-released blog.
I hope you enjoyed our session,
and thank you, everybody,
have a wonderful day today.
[ Music ]